Add docs (#53)
datajoint/element-deeplabcut: docs/src/tutorials.md

# Tutorials

> ## Install Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> The best tutorial of Element DeepLabcut is the corresponding workflow. Follow our
> [user instructions](datajoint.com/docs/elements/user-instructions) for help 
> downloading and installing this workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of the Element requires an integrated development environment and database.  Instructions to setup each of the components can be found on the [User Instructions](datajoint.com/docs/elements/user-instructions) page.  These instructions use the example [workflow for Element DeepLabcut](https://github.com/datajoint/workflow-deeplabcut), which can be modified for a user's specific experimental requirements.```

Reviewer: Please further explain how the workflow is different from the Element.

## YouTube

> 

Author: 🤔 Could these more general links get moved to `user-instructions` at the `docs/elements/` level? The section just above directs there and I'm hesitant to repeat info across each of the element docs

> 

Reviewer: That's a good idea.
